How dare you come to me?
Uncle, take a look at this first
How nice it would be to die for snacks and dogs
You can marry me
Lin's Group is also me
Once I expose this video
You will not only lose your reputation
You are a company listing
I guess it will be in vain too
I really invite you and Auntie Wang Ye
Thanks for so long
In the end, the bamboo basket was empty
What do you want?
I want your remaining shares in the company
Don't give me the ATM
Ok, I'll report it to you.
You got it
It's not that there is no other way.
Future uncle
Do you know that Wang Yu made my father go bankrupt and jump off a building?
Maybe you still have evidence
Items that want me to help your dad are impossible
Uncle was wrong.
We are just being cruel with material fairness
Don't you hold grudges
NetEase is in trouble
The loss of shares in your company?
It was hard for you to get that
I was trying so hard to get my snacks dirty and killed.
As a result, Wang Yu downplayed the shares
Wang Yu, you are not kind
I am unjust
Anyway, the video is in my hands
Exposure or not depends on whether you cooperate or not
You ignorant wild girl
How dare you touch my stuff
This is Aunt Lin's original home
It wasn't all yours, was it?
I think you need to clean up
Get out of here now! Stop it